In this section, we're going to review what we learned.
The review web service is a Spring Boot 5 microservice that
persists reviews to and from a MongoDB NoSQL database.
It implements the standard components, namely a controller,
a service, and a repository.
The new thing about this web service is that our
persistence logic uses Spring Data, which generates our persistence code for us.
We reviewed how to test our controller using MockMvc.
This was mostly review from the last module,
but this module introduced date comparisons,
as well as demonstrated how to test a more complicated JSON document.
We very briefly reviewed our service testing strategy,
which included loading a Spring application context using
the SpringBootTest annotation and testing the service's
interactions with a mock repository.
Finally, we got into the meat of the module, namely testing our repository.
We leveraged the Jackson ObjectMapper to load data from a sample JSON file
and Spring's MongoTemplate to insert that data into Mongo.
This enabled us to write test methods against a known set of good data.
We finished up the module by building a custom JUnit 5 Extension and
Helper annotation to both make our tests more elegant,
as well as make our testing more flexible.
At this point,
you should feel more confident using Spring's MockMvc to test controllers, and you should be able to write tests against a repository connected to MongoDB.